If you share the same wall, you would really eat with yourself on it,
I have been close to your Lian family for a long time.
Hidden thread, what do you think you are saying?
Hidden thread, hidden thread, hidden thread,
Hidden thread, hidden thread, hidden thread, hidden thread, hidden thread, hidden thread, hidden thread,
Hidden thread, hidden thread, hidden thread, hidden thread, hidden thread, hidden thread,
Hidden thread, hidden thread, hidden thread,
Hidden thread, hidden thread, hidden thread, hidden thread, hidden thread,
Hidden thread,
But today I will bring you the taste
I told you, do you want to take a vacation? What should I do?
You are really my love
I warn you in the end to stay away
I can't handle those new things here anymore and
The Fang family of Fang family tree
Things about the Fang family
There are always at least 20,000 people poaching away
But I will continue to take vacation and you will be the new one
I will believe you are fresher